# Mandatory Assignment 6 - Web programming and data analysis


## General notice
I assume that the user have already installed everything needed for running these scripts.

## 6.1: Handling the data

data.py will run with a small user interface, allowing the user choose the features to visualize.  

How to run data.py:
```
$ python3 data.py
```
A small window with a plot showing the two classes colored differently will then show.


## 6.2: Fitting a machine learning model 

fitting.py will run with a small user interface, allowing the user choose the classifier and features to visualize.  

How to run fitting.py
```
$ python3 fitting.py
```

The training and validation accuracy will show on the terminal. I also put some of the results in a file 'accuracy_score.txt' for comparing.



## 6.3: Visualizing the classifier

visualize.py will run with a small user interface, allowing the user choose the classifier and features to visualize.  

How to run visualize.py:
```
$ python3 visualize.py
```

A small window with a plot showing the two classes colored differently will then show. Also showing colored areas that represent which class the classifier predicts in that area.


## 6.4: Visualization through a web app and 6.5: Interactive visualization

How to run web_visualization.py:
```
$ python3 web_visualization.py
```
web_visualization will then display the app on the web page "http://127.0.0.1:5000/"

### notice

The values in the dropdowns will go back to what it started with. The values are still updated in the plot and accuracy.


## 6.6: Documentation and help pages

The help page is generated by pydoc cmd.

Run the scripts as 6.4, and navigate to the help link. Or go to web page "http://127.0.0.1:5000/help"


